DAN: My whole world changed one day
when all these random cards
started raining down everywhere!
At first they seemed harmless enough
so a bunch of us kids
invented this cool new game...
That's when we realized
those cards weren't so harmless after all!
They were packed with incredible powers
from another world!
My name is Dan, and together with my friends,
Runo...
Marucho...
Julie...
Not to mention Mr. Hotshot himself, Shun...
And Alice, we are...
The Bakugan Battle Brawlers!
Bakugan!
One goal... two worlds!
\u266a What are you going to do?
\u266a The odds are stacked against you \u266a
\u266a Back against the wall
\u266a Gotta give it your all...
\u266a Ah ha ah ha
\u266a this is the final stand
\u266a the power's in your hand
\u266a Two worlds collide
\u266a On the inside
\u266a You gotta fight for what's right \u266a
\u266a Before it's gone, gone, gone \u266a
\u266a This is BAKUGAN!
The Bakugan Battle Brawlers in
\"The One Hit Wonders!\"
DAN: This could be rough so everybody hang on!
RUNO: Hang on to what?
[screaming]
Ow my butt!
What's that?
JULIE: Hey that's Wardington Tower!
So we're back on earth again?
[watch rings]
JOE: Dan! Can you hear me?
Come in Dan?
Joe! What's up?
FEMALE VOICE: Attention citizens of Wardington...
Aliens are approaching the city...
Do not panic...
Please follow the instructions
in the alien invasion manual
and evacuate to the nearest available shelter...
I repeat...
Please evacuate to the nearest available shelter!
Miyoko, are you almost ready to flee the town?
Please do not run and scream...
REPORTER: I'm coming to you live
from a helicopter above the ocean.
The aliens that first appeared off the coast
of Africa are now heading for Wardington city!
We'll be sure to let you know if we see any sign of them!
Nothing appears unusual at this time.
Oh my...
There's something coming this way.
It appears to be a young girl surfing?
Can you hear me down there?
Oh I hear you!
It seems to be an alien!
[screaming]
[confused mumuring]
There's something fishy about this!
Now it's time to take this city!
It looks like I'm the first one here!
[evil laughter]
A force field?
So they think they can keep me out do they?
I'll show them how strong I really am!
DAN: What?
All the evil Bakugan that have appeared all over the world
are headed towards Wardington city?
JOE: That's right and Wavern's Infinity Core
has started to heat up...
It's sensing the presence of Naga's Silent Core
here on Earth.
Can we stop those Bakugan from getting to the city?
Hope so...
Wavern's using the Infinity Core's powers to keep
a force field up all around Wardington right now
but it's a real struggle for her.
She can't take much more...
If we don't do something real soon...
We'll lose her!
[pained cry]
Wavern! Come on!
Hang in there!
Wavern!
WAVERN: Drago...
Help me...
This is bad...
Soon that force field will disappear completely!
Snap!
And you know who's responsible for this!
It's Naga!
KATO: I know things are heating up
but this is no time to lose your cool!
ALL: That you Kato!
Yo!
Those evil Bakugan are pretty close.
There's no time to waste.
You'll all have to work fast if you want to stop them!
Hey what gives?
Who put the old timer in charge?
Look here Preyas!
PREYAS: Oh, well I... hey how do you know my name?
KATO: I accessed Master Marucho's
family's private satellite network
and made some very unsettling discoveries.
As you're about to see...
You'll soon be doing battle with the combined forces
of some very dangerous Bakugan.
I know some of you will recognize
these nasty characters
from your previous battles!
I'll zoom in to give you a better view!
Tricloid! Rabeeder?
And Tayghen!
So they're all coming for the Infinity Core?
Then they tricked us!
They pretended to lose their battles and came to Earth
for a sneak attack!
If that's the way they wanna play, then let me at 'em!
Preyas...
Are you ready for a battle?
Huh? Marucho?
Runo, Preyas and I can handle this!
Somebody has to stop those evil Bakugan
from getting into the city!
Okay...
Then why don't Gorem and I go after Tricloid!
Excellent idea...
It'll be a pleasure!
DAN: Right!
Then I'll take Rabeeder!
No Dan, I'll take Rabeeder!
Huh?
I think Drago needs to stay here with Wavern.
Yeah but Alice...
I'll be okay.
I have Hydranoid here to help me.
And I want to show you guys that I'm a real member
of the Battle Brawlers too!
Okay?
Okay!
Rabeeder and Tricloid will be close to Wardington City
very soon.
We should stay here and watch out for them!
All right!
Be careful Alice!
I will!
Julie! Marucho! You too!
Battle Brawlers to the rescue!
ALL: Yeah!
ANNOUNCER: Everybody...
Here we go!
Hey ya! You ready?
You know who I am...
My name's Jenny!
And I'm Jewls...
And together!
BOTH: You can call us...
JJ Dolls!
Aw I thought our concert was sold out.
Wavern?
It's the Infinity Core isn't it?
I'm sorry...
The force field...
I can't hold it anymore...
No...
Ah dear!
We're too late!
Tayghen has broken through the force field!
Here they come!
Ha! I knew we'd break through eventually!
Now let's find the Infinity Core!
Naga will be so proud of us!
We'll have to try and stop them on our own!
Right Preyas!
You know what to do!
Bakugan Brawl!
[\u266a]
What?
Hold on?
Where did those Bakugan come from?
Sorry sista we can't let you pass!
Yeah don't go there girlfriend!
This is a bad guy free zone!
[\u266a]
So... Get lost!
Yeah hit the road okay!
JJ Dolls say go away!
Bang!
Oh my...
It really is Jenny and Jewls...
I've downloaded all your music!
But what are you doing here?
Well we're supposed to be on tour!
But when we got here...
We found out our sold out show had been cancelled
because this evil Bakugan was on the attack!
And everybody knows our fans mean everything to us!
JJ Dolls are mad!
BOTH: Oh yeah!
Very mad!
What a couple of divas!
I guess our fans are gonna see a different kind of show today!
Okay!
let's get busy!
I'm a big fan!
... Do you mean to tell me that JJ Dolls is doing this
all for me? Oh wow!
Marucho get with the program!
This is no dress rehearsal, this is the real deal!
Yeah you're right Preyas!
Hey I know...
If you're up for it perhaps we could form a new group
and battle together!
Whatta ya say?
Oh man...
This kid has got stars in his eyes!
Sure!
PREYAS: Whoa!
Check that out!
You go girl!
Show us whatcha got!
Did you like that one?
Jenny learned that while rehearsing for our tour
ya know!
Hey kid thanks but we'll handle it from here!
Now why don't you just sit there quietly
and watch us do our thing.
Okay! Gate card, set!
Aqua Guru Battle!
Subterra Centipoid!
The Bakugan Battle Brawlers will be right back!
And now back to the Bakugan Battle Brawlers!
Wait you can't just attack!
You have to have a plan!
It looks to me like they've done this before.
The show must go on!
You bet!
Ha! They don't stand a chance against me!
Aqua Stun Gun!
Sorry, but that's not going to work!
Gate card...
Open!
I'll try this one!
Dive Mirage!
Okay my turn!
Desert Hole!
Now what are they up to?
What's this?
Now the Mine Ghost!
BOTH: Bye, bye now!
[screaming]
We did it!
All right!
Good job!
Whoa you guys really are the greatest!
I think I'm...
in \"Luv!\"
Hold on! It's not over!
Huh?
You're just a couple of show-offs!
I'll take care of you both at the same time!
Blower Plexus!
Uh-oh!
[screaming]
I'll save you!
Go Preyas!
Aquas Preyas is here...
Uh maybe I'll try another move instead.
Aqua Guardian!
That hurt!
Are you two okay?
How sweet...
Marucho believe me, we've been through much worse
than this and we never give up!
Ever!
That's right!
As long as there are fans like you cheering us on
I know we'll make it!
JJ Dolls are going to be number one!
BOTH: Oh yeah!
And to you folks at home
be sure to pick up our brand new CD!
[excited murmurs from crowd]
DIABLO: Uh ladies!
There's no time for this!
Well all this free publicity
has to be worth something to us!
Cheese!
MARUCHO: These two are the greatest thing
that's ever happened to me!
DIABLO: Give me a break!
Everyone get in front of your TV.
Give us... Your strength...
So we can win!
Now here's a song just for you!
Oh I've got the best seat in the house!
We're going to, give you a surprise...
We're going to, battle \"gainst the bad guys...
We can beat them, if everyone is on our side...
That was close!
[fawning from crowd]
There's only one way to get through it!
But we'll need your help to do it!
[cheering]
All we need, is you and me, and Bakugan or three!
Centipoid!
[screaming]
I got it!
Aw, do I have to do all the work?
Hey you guys!
Over here!
Jewls! Jenny!
We're rooting for you!
Thank you everyone!
This has gone on long enough!
That's going to leave a mark.
It's not that I don't enjoy their music
but I really feel that if we're being attacked
it might be a good idea if we concentrate on the battle!
I mean really!
What's with all the hip hop?
Like you could do better?
Hey!
That's it!
I've got it!
We can all do much better!
All our Bakugan have different strengths
and if we combine them I think we can win this!
We'll be an unstoppable force!
We'll use the Aquos Quadruple Chain Attack!
But that's never been done before?
Yeah that's a gutsy move!
Uh that sounds kinda complicated.
Of course it is!
Yeah...
But what will our fans think?
Uh I don't know.
[crying out] Is it safe?
Well... It's worth a try.
Oh it's okay...
Trust us I think we know what we're doing at this point!
Watch! Attractor!
Huh?
PREYAS: Whoa!
What's she doing now?
Oh no, all those people on the wharf
will get in the way of her attack!
DIABLO: If that's your strategy
then I'm definitely not joining your fan club!
Relax...
This way everyone can get a better view of both of us
and all the action.
And if we add a dramatic finish it will be fun
for the whole family!
So are you ready for this Mr. Cameraman?
Let's give 'em a show!
Watch as JJ Dolls put an end to these evil Bakugan
once and for all!
Enough of your games!
Get on with it already!
Here we go everyone!
Bakugan Brawl!
Take this!
[screaming]
Oh no!
Somebody help me I'm stuck!
Don't let go!
Help me!
No help me first!
Oh no Jenny! Jewls!
I guess that's showbiz for ya!
What a tragic turn of events!
Hang on there ladies, I'll fly right over there
and rescue you!
Glass Mirage!
[scream]
Huh? Angelo!
Nope, can't do it.
I've wasted enough time with these two.
It's time to do what I really came here for!
Get the Infinity Core for Naga!
MARUCHO: What are we going to do Preyas!
We have to save them or else they're goners!
[screaming]
This can't be the end of JJ Dolls!
This is not good.
If I go over there I'll just get shot down again.
If only there was some way that we could stop Tayghen
from using her abilities!
Don't forget Tayghen can use both Aquos
and Ventos Abilities!
Stopping her isn't going to be easy.
Aquos and Ventus...
Wait!
I think I got it!
Here comes my final attack!
Oh no!
We'll just have to go for it Preyas!
Are you ready for this?
Uh?
No!
All right!
Gate Card, Set!
Bakugan Brawl!
Gate Card Open!
Subterra Hazard!
What's happening?
Hey?
I didn't go onto an Attribute Card
but I changed into Subterra anyway!
What did you do Marucho?
It's quite simple.
With the Subterra Hazard card I make all Bakugan
in the battle area Subterra attributed.
So now Tayghen can only use Subterra abilities!
And that means...
It's gonna have a tough time because it can't use
all the water and wind abilities it likes so much!
I'll make you pay for that!
But wait you've lost your Aquos Abilities too!
Do you really think you can win against me
by throwing away your best weapon?
I know you're not that powerful!
That's right.
Marucho, what are we going to do?
It's okay...
Preyas didn't know that he could always change
attributes to Subterra,
Tayghen won't battle as well as a Subterra attributed Bakugn.
Huh?
Just do the best you can for awhile Preyas!
Come on Angelo!
We've got to save JJ Dolls while we still got some time.
Now I get it!
Okay let's go!
Wait! Don't leave me!
Explain that again!
Huh?
[scream]
Whooooaaa!
I'm outta here!
Oh no!
Don't let go!
[screaming]
You guys... okay?
[loud cheering]
[laughing]
MARUCHO: For a minute there I didn't think you were gonna make it!
Thanks... You saved us!
Yeah...
We owe you Marucho!
We have to finish the battle!
Let's go!
Uh? No thanks.
Yeah I don't feel like going through that again.
But Preyas is battling all by himself
and we need you two to win this!
Puh-lease!
Uh-uh!
Sorry I won't do that!
I guess you'll have to do it yourself!
No way...
And you call yourselves JJ Dools!
Huh?
You said you'd do anything for your fans
and that you never give up no matter what!
Or is that only when there's a camera on you?
Well?
Can't you hear their voices?
Listen to them they're still cheering for you!
Don't give up!
You can do it!
MARUCHO: JJ Dolls have got fans all around the world
and they still believe in you!
Can't you hear what they're saying!
We're counting on you!
We believe in you!
[crowd cheering]
Let's do it!
Yeah!
So you guys will help me finish this battle?
Sure!
Great then let's shake on it!
All right!
Marucho we'd do anything for our number one fan!
BOTH: Anything at all!
I've been waiting to hear that all day long!
Yeah let's get to work!
[screaming]
I could use a little help over here!
Hold on!
This looks like a job for Diablo.
I wouldn't eat Preyas if I were you,
he'll only give you indigestion!
I'm free at last!
If we work together we can win this battle!
Count on it!
Gate card set!
Bakugan Brawl!
Gate Card Open!
Aqua Hazard!
Now watch this!
I've changed the battle area into an Aquos-controlled area!
And Jewls Centipoid has also changed from Subterra to Aquos!
ALL: Yeah!
Wow!
And blue's always been my favorite color.
MARUCHO: Now I can use the Aquos Quadruple Chain Attack!
Oh yeah!
I don't need my Ventus powers to beat you.
I can take you all down by using just my Aquos powers!
No problem!
We'll see about that...
He's the man!
BOTH: And JJ Dolls are right by his side!
Here we go!
You'll never get your claws on the Infinity Core now!
Poseidon Tornado!
Aquos Quadruple Chain Attack!
Blue Lagoon!
Force Gate!
Special...
[\u266a]
Argh! What this? No!
No it's... not... possible...
[screaming]
We did it!
Alright it's all over!
Marucho and the JJ Dolls have done it!
[cheering]
Oh wow, that was really exciting...
Let's do it again!
Marucho you're the best!
Me?
JULIE: Next time on the Bakugan Battle Brawlers,
Tricloid shows up and tries
to steal the Infinity Core away from Wavern.
That's a big no, no in my books.
But look out!
Is that Cycloid with Billy by his side?
And there's that little brat Neme too!
Where are these guys coming from?
We beat them once before so I'm sure we can do it again!
The only problem is you gotta keep an eye on them
or it could mean big trouble for everybody.
Especially now that Naga's lurking around.
Oh well whatta ya gonna do?
Brawl I guess!
So don't miss the next Bakugan Battle Brawlers!